who's that girl who's that girl it's Gus
hi there haircut Johnson here with a
brand new Shane Dawson conspiracy theory
how do you like that I get a
professional haircut and I still don't
shower for these desk videos today we
are going to talk about an issue on
YouTube that you probably have not heard
about that features people that you
probably have not heard about but is
actually a big problem that's hiding in
plain sight for today we are talking
about arcade channels I'm talking the
claw game I'm talking the keymaster I'm
talking the stacker machine channels who
are absolutely killing it on YouTube for
the next 20 minutes I'm going to tell
you about a group of youtubers that is
regularly scamming and spamming videos
that are explicitly lying to the viewers
the pure definition of clickbait and
scamming children with the untruthful
thumbnails titles and contents of the
videos that they are making before we
dive into that really quick I want to
mention that my live show at the Irvine
improv is fully sold out I'm still going
to be giving away a couple tickets for
free I'm gonna be doing some joke
contests so go follow me on Twitter at
Gus buckets the first show sold so well
I was so pleasantly surprised about it
then I'm doing a second show as well in
Oxnard California on April 3rd the
tickets are down in the description down
below hopefully they won't last long
depending on how this one sells as well
so please go pick up some tickets now
and I can't wait to see you at the show
also I should mention that my project
with Comedy Central is fully out now I'm
putting the link in the description down
below low budget rom-com is down below
it's got lots of guest stars and it
treated as a regular upload on the
channel that's what it is it's just for
Comedy Central I'm happy I'm excited
about that please go watch it let's look
at Klaw stuff because this is a video
for serious gamers only today we're
taping the microphone to some gaming
gear take a copy strike for that new
girl theme song I'm pretty pissed
testing testing real gamers only hello
come in here go suck at Turtle Beach now
you've been to our cage you know the low
arcade games and stuff like that these
are people that will go out to arcades
and they will
promised winning prizes you know they
could be stuffed animals they could be
they could be little trinkets but
somehow somehow these channels keep
winning all the top prizes at least
that's what I'm led to believe based on
the thumbnails and the titles of these
videos if you do even a little bit of
digging into some of these arcade game
channels you'll start to realize some
commonalities go to the popular upload
sections of any one of these channels
and you will see videos with stupid
views sometimes you'll have channels
with fifty to a hundred thousand
subscribers that have videos that have
20 million views on them and what do all
of these popular upload videos have in
common each of these videos promises a
big fat moneymaker prize right in the
title and the thumbnail you'll see
titles like one an iPhone 8 from
keymaster iPhone 6 win from stacker
winning money from the claw machine hit
myself in the tooth wow that's pretty
incredible I don't know if you've ever
been to an arcade your stuff but it's
actually pretty flippin hard to win
those games guy you ever tried that out
they've they're lying they're not
telling the truth
if you look at some of these big money
making videos and I mean big money
making videos some of these have
millions and millions of views on them
and they are branded as children's
content so you know those bad boys are
advertiser friendly if you click on some
of these big-ticket money-making winner
videos you're gonna find one of three
things thing one the dudes will say in
the title or thumbnail winning iPhone X
winning big ma big old cash pot we've
been winning a lot of money and then
they just won't they won't even try to
like fake it or simulate it in any way
they just don't win it and the videos
over and you look and it's got more than
half down votes and all the people are
in the comments are like what the hell
dude you just click beta me I want to
see you I I phone 10 or an iPhone X I'm
an Android user I don't know what
they're called think to the claw game
boys stretch out your attention for 10
whole minutes gone oh trap trying to win
dis ding for the whole ten minutes shoot
gosh we're so close guys when I get more
money in the car go ask dad in the car
go see if you get some more cash no
siding tape when you put more money on
the car hey guys we didn't have a lot of
luck at the arcade but I still wanted to
win the iPhone X so I came home to my
home arcade and I've got the iPhone 10
box and we're gonna put it in and see if
we can win it what a goddamn surprise
Bing Bing Bing
oh you went on the first try okay well
that's great guys be sure to LIKE in
comments what the dudes will put in the
thumbnail that they're winning these big
ticket items and then just go have the
pre-owned item or most of the time the
box for the phone or whatever and put it
in their arcade machine at home and win
it on the first try cuz I don't know if
you know this if you own the Machine you
can control how likely it is you can win
with the grip strength of the claw thing
three a common theme of the arcade
channels is to post these big clickbait
titles called kicked out for winning too
much kicked out security guards angry
kicked out of our cake cuz we want so
much money and if you watch the videos
either the kids don't get kicked out and
they just put it in the thumbnail again
this is like [__] children that are
doing these videos alright like the
youtubers will not get kicked out for
winning but they'll go be pieces of [__]
and like shake machines and like yell
and like film one they're not supposed
to and the security guard will come over
and be like hey cuz you get maybe you
guys could get out of here really nice
and rationally and then it's oh my god
you guys I don't have another camera
here oh my god you guys we I can't
believe we got kicked out of there that
is so insane of crazy guys I done it
again I did research for this video
here's a video called one an iPhone 8
from keymaster arcade games this is from
a channel called claw craziness this
videos got nearly 13 million views and
if you look in the very first [__]
line of the description it says arcade
time today we go to fun land in Monroe
Michigan and Erin let me put my dummy
display iPhone X in his keymaster to win
it you're not even hiding it below the
fold you're saying hey guys you see this
11 minute video you're gonna watch it's
complete [__] let's get right into
it this next one's called kicked out of
arc sorry I'm yelling they're all caps
kicked out of arcade for cleaning out an
entire claw machine this is from a dude
named clock Hicker who has 1.8 million
subscribers and if you watch the video
there's too much content we're not
watching all these videos you see that
the kids are not kicked out for winning
and cleaning out a claw machine the
children are shaking the Machine and
management kicked them out because you
can't shake the machine [__] that's
arcade rule number one
shaking it guys there's a little bit of
a shake oh here's another video in all
caps that's called kicked out a Denny's
for women iPod first of all there's no
iPod it's one of those shitty $10 dollar
tree little mp3 players with like two
gigs of compressed crap music on it
second he just doesn't even get kicked
out I got it oh my gosh
the kid does not get kicked out at all
but you know what [__] you cuz 10
million views later he's laughing all
the way to the bank here's an all caps
one iPhone six win from stacker six
million views iPhone six win what
happens I know it's an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 plus or something
camara died thanks for watching you're
gonna try to tell me that the camera
died right at the most important
truth-telling part [__] you claw kicker
all you pieces of [__] are all the same
what's the next one here winning iPads
and iPhones from a claw machine let's
click it this should be good stop all
these dumbass title screens are the same
by the way that's the same stuff you see
from like shitty gaming channels where
it's like Aaron 54 is gaming let's watch
this video what is going on guys cursor
99 here and we are gonna be doing
something a little bit different on my
claw machine today what a goddamn
surprise Carson it's in your garage the
machines in your garage you own it you
don't have to pay for money it's just
your own stuff putting iPhones today
jeez this would be awesome if it was
legit you bought the prizes you bought
the Machine you rigged the machine to
win easier and it's in your garage your
piece of [__]
oops over there person you can tell in
the comments - everyone's like so sick
of this [__] but people bite it time and
time again you know why cuz it's kids
kids are watching these [__] videos
and they don't know any better they just
click them and they say wow I can't wait
to see them win this thing and then by
the time they figure out there's three
minutes in and the person's already made
the goddamn money from the ads anyway
here's one called winning money from the
claw machine what the borders are can't
wait here and today's a pretty awesome
day I must say I mean slugs nice and
bright the sky's nice and blue and the
money is nice and green
today's a nice day I must say I'm in my
flippin garage with my mom bringing me
frickin Capri Suns every 20 minutes on
the 20 minute mark you know what it is I
got money from my dad's treasure trove
cabinet in his office and I'm gonna put
it in the cabinet that my parents bought
me I don't like kids I don't know if you
knew it's his own machine it's his dad's
money he wins it out of his own garage
there's nothing to see here except 5
million views 5.5 million views now some
of these channels are going and a little
dastardly step further where it starts
to cross the line into a little more
bad-boy kind of stuff here's a video
that doesn't grab you right away because
it looks a little bit more sensible and
it's
title one Apple iPhone X from arcade
game joystick no all caps in there
that's very classy alike that you click
the thing you watch the video if you
watch all the way through you see that
the dude appears to legitimately win the
Apple iPhone X from the arcade game but
if you look down here to this little
smoking gun line in the description you
see the lines visit my arcades this
dude's family owns the arcades that he's
playing at and winning top prizes now
you remember what I said before about
the arcade games is if you own the game
itself you can change how the machine
works so that you win more often here's
the thing on YouTube we see these big
flashy headlines for people that are
clearly scamming people we see that Jake
Paul we see the rice gum mystery loot
box gambling [__] when they pitch it to
kids we see the big ticket money flashy
headlines stuff about kids getting taken
advantage of and and and advertised to
unfairly but these arcade channels that
just snake their way in right under the
surface nobody talks about these you
can't go in and say whoa guys look how
easy I won this stuff you can too here
are the arcades that I won this stuff at
it's your family's arcade that is a
conflict of interest you're lying in the
title and the thumbnail in the
description oh by the way you know that
mystery loot box [__] from like a month
or two ago at Jake Paul rice gum stuff
you boy guava juice whoo we goofed on a
few videos ago and said [__] you for
your content guava he did the same at
roif a beat oh don't do that dumb [__]
you a piece of garbage get a [__]
heart yet yet yeah butthole right now
I'm going to list the names of the
biggest offending channels some channels
with many hundreds of thousands if not
millions of subscribers channels that
have garnered millions of views from
these flat-out lying shitty clickbait
spam titles here are some of the worst
channels joystick claw craziness claw
boss Carson claws arcade warrior claw
kicker and claw tuber now listen I only
listed seven these channels for each one
of these big seven channels there's ten
more who have smaller sub counts who
have maybe ten thousand fifteen twenty
thousand subscribers on their channels
but if you look closely these small
channels they've got popular
uploads' right in their popular uploads
playlist worth millions of views and
it's the same [__] I'm only calling out
the seven big dogs here this [__] is
going on widespread it's taking
advantage of children's ability to
understand when they're being advertised
to with the conflict of interest of
these self owned arcades and these
clickbait lying videos and thumbnails
are the definition of deceptive
practices which directly conflict with
YouTube's guidelines and policies every
time we get to the end of one of these
desc videos I say the same thing and I
mean it - I do a little bit of research
I do some digging I uncover some [__]
and then I look and I go oh damn it well
what do I do to get rid of this stuff
how do we make this problem go away
I don't know I'm calling out to you
YouTube to look into these little
joystick crane game channels and try to
figure out what's going wrong and tell
them to shut that [__] down because I
don't know you think I know I do enough
research just to tell you what the
problem is I don't know how to fix it do
you look does it look like I know what
I'm doing a shower today
I don't ever shower okay in case there
are any children watching now is the
part of the video where I'm going to
advertise to you this is an
advertisement get ready for an
advertisement
oh hey I'm sorry you caught me when I
was learning and exploring the world
around me my name is Gus Johnson and I
am this video sponsored by audible this
is an advertisement an advertisement for
audible you know about audible already
I'm sure you've heard about them they
have an unmatched selection of digital
audio stuff you can listen to if you
want to listen your favorite book maybe
learn something new about the world look
how much I've accomplished today and
it's only 3:00 p.m. get out there and
explore the world come on guy go to
audible.com slash Gus that's audible.com
slash G us that's my name and you'll get
a 30 day free trial you're gonna get a
30 day free trial a free book and two
free audible originals go check it out
and you know what I tell you what if you
just whip out your cellular mobile
device right now in text gusts to five
hundred five hundred you get all the
same stuff for free doesn't cost
anything if you're on the website and
you use code Gus that's how you get the
savings to let me tell you about one of
my favorite books ever
it's Jurassic Park yeah you know I love
Jurassic Park you know I like playing
Jurassic Park trespasser watching the
first film and not the third film but
the book is even better and it's
actually pretty weird cuz so much stuff
happens in the book that doesn't
actually happen in the movie it's a
great read nice job Michael Crichton if
that's how you pronounce your name rest
in peace use my code and listen to that
[Music]
book well they got tons of audible
originals and you get a free book credit
every month if you're a member so go
sign up it's cost-effective it's easy
and I recommend the service audible.com
slash Gus or text Gus G us to 500 500 to
get your free stuff today Thank You
audible for sponsoring this video that's
right they sponsored this video if any
kids are watching audible is sponsoring
this video thank you and have a
wonderful day
[Music]
[Applause]